docs(en-US): references -> users -> session and cookie (#104)
logto-io/docs: docs/docs/references/users/README.md

their _identities_ will be automatically imported or updated from the identity provider.

:::

## Session and cookie

It's inconvenient to sign in every time the user re-visits the application.
The application using Logto can extend the session by putting its information in

> [cookies](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookie) for reuse to avoid this inconvenience.

Reviewer: and i still don't know what kind of session and cookie that logto holds

Reviewer: and you also missed the cookie signing part

> The extended session will end when it expires, the user signs out on purpose, or the password has been changed.

Reviewer: how do we end session when password changed?

### Session lifetime

The Logto session's _lifetime_ is 14 days by default, following the
[oidc-provider TTL](https://github.com/panva/node-oidc-provider/blob/main/docs/README.md#ttl)
([Time To Live](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_to_live)).
After the session expires (i.e., its _lifetime_ finishes), the user must sign in again.

### Session layers

Using Logto as an identity provider, three layers of sessions may be created:

- **Application Layer**: When a user signs in using Logto and goes to your application, you need to keep track of the authentication info, such as the "authenticated" state.
  Keeping track of them usually means saving a set of tokens in the storage provided by your application.

>   The storage can be cookies in a regular web application.

Reviewer: this is unclear. do we use SDK to archive this? if so we are not using cookies

- **Logto Layer**: Logto keeps track of the session through the browser's cookies.
  After the session expires, the user may be redirected to Logto sign-in page and need to enter the authentication info again.

> - **Social Sign-in Layer**: When the user is redirected to Logto sign-in page and tries to sign in with a social connector, an additional redirection to the social identity provider is needed.

Reviewer: we don't care about social sign-in here. you were talking about "Logto layer session" in the previous section but talks a broader "session" here. very confusing

  And then, the social identity provider has yet another layer of the session.

#### Sign Out

The session layers should be cleared when a user tries to sign out.

- **Application Layer**: Clear the session, including the authentication info, in the browser's cookies, local storage, etc.
  You may only need to call `signOut()` provided by Logto's SDK since most of Logto's SDKs can manage session storage automatically by themselves.
  You can check out their source code for more details.
- **Logto Layer**: The session will be cleared by redirecting to Logto's sign-out endpoint.
- **Social Login Layer**: Usually, you don't need to manually sign out for a social identity provider to clear its session, which the provider should manage by itself.

### Configuration

You can customize the session's behaviors by changing the [oidc-provider](https://github.com/panva/node-oidc-provider)
configuration in the Logto Core [code](https://github.com/logto-io/logto/blob/master/packages/core/src/oidc/init.ts).
See the oidc-provider's [documentation](https://github.com/panva/node-oidc-provider/blob/main/docs/README.md) for details.

## Manage users

> You can check out [Manage users](../../recipes/manage-users/) for details.

Reviewer 2: If everything is under the recipes, should we list the Manage Users here? Is it part of the user's reference? Could just be a info note?

their _identities_ will be automatically imported or updated from the identity provider.

:::

## Session and cookie

A session is a group of interactions between a user and an application that takes place (maybe on different pages) within a period of time.

> A single session temporarily stores multiple interactions (such as sign-in, linking to a social network, consent authorization, and sign-out) before it ends.

Reviewer: social network?

> A single session temporarily stores multiple interactions (such as sign-in, linking to a social network, consent authorization, and sign-out) before it ends.

Author: Updated to
```suggestion
A single session temporarily stores multiple interactions (such as sign-in, linking to a social identity provider, consent authorization, and sign-out) before it ends.
```

> If the user leaves a website or closes the browser, the session will end by default.

Reviewer: i don;t think we need this.. our reader has the basic concept of session or cookie or they can just go wikipedia. we just need to talk about how session and cookie works in logto.

Author: Can I add a link for the freshman to read?

Author: reorg
